[Music]
hey hey I have a challenging quiz for
you I will name an extreme situation to
you and you'll try to choose the correct
way of dealing with it let's see how
many survival tips you learn from movies
and how many of them would be absolutely
ridiculous to believe it check how well
you've done at the end of the video this
is your first time going to some
adventure into the wilds how would you
prepare to be ready for anything when
you're away from civilization a watch a
bunch of survival shows B take some
survival courses C talk to experienced
people I learned that from survival
shows you'll only hear that in movies in
reality survival is nothing like the
show's it's easy to forget how many
people make those besides the one in
front of the camera they may have some
good advice but special courses will
prepare you much better than that now
you're out in the wilds the weather is
getting worse and soon a really cold
shower will start but there is a cave
not far away where you can hide you
checked inside it's empty and it's here
all for you where will you build fire to
get warm eh inside the cave be outside
the cave see near the caves entrance
[Music]
if you're in a cave you don't want to
have a fire anywhere near it
when the rock heats up it may crack and
gray rocks may fall and hurt you or
block your way out don't believe myths
the answer is B you are lost in the
woods and seek for something to eat you
don't know how to hunt so you turn to
searching for some plants or berries how
do you know which ones you can actually
eat us a look what animals eat and pick
that be beat only red berries see stay
away from any berries you don't know for
sure are ok no matter what movie heroes
say just don't eat any berries in the
woods if animals can't digest some of
them it doesn't mean you can they also
eat moss leaves and raw meat with all
the nasty insects in it but you won't do
that right now you know for sure that
finding a source of water is one of the
first priorities in the wild luckily
there is a lake nearby but how will you
prepare the water so it's safe to drink
it a boil it's be filter it C filter and
then boil it
[Music]
people in movies don't often have enough
screen time to do both but it's
absolutely necessary boiling by itself
won't clean the water from possible
harmful elements and filtering won't
help to get rid of germs and bacteria
getting bitten by a snake is a
terrifying thing and is exactly what
just happened oops what to do if you or
someone got bitten a cut the bite and
suck out the venom B place a tourniquet
and apply ice on a bite see
keep the bitten person as still as
possible and seek professional help
[Music]
trying to suck out venom as they do in
the movies will only help it to spread
the same goes for ice and tourniquets
sitting still will help to keep the
venom in place while you wait for help
you stroll through the forest and then
suddenly you hear a long low growl you
turn around and see a giant bear what
will you do a runaway B lie low and
still your breath C let the bear know
that you're there and calmly walk away
[Music]
if you run away you must be a prey if
you try to hide the bear will find out
you're here anyway but this time it'll
be startled and scared you don't want to
deal with a startled bear make your
present obvious and provide the bear
with a space to go away it most
certainly will now after going miles and
miles through the cold winter day you
finally got home what will be the first
thing you do to avoid hypothermia a
putting on dry clothes and sipping a cup
of hot tea be jumping into a hot tub see
stay active do some exercise in any case
don't go from low temperature to really
hi quickly it's really bad for your body
it needs to gradually warm up and not
with its own activity it needs some care
not extra work let's change the scene
now you've just woken up in the middle
of the desert with nothing of use on you
what's the first thing you'll need to
find here to make your way out a food be
wider sea shade
[Music]
even if you see an oasis on the horizon
don't rush to it the nearest source of
shade is the only thing you need at the
beginning of your journey the Sun will
set and it will be easier to get to the
water yep you're in a desert but hey
things aren't that bad you even managed
to get some water for yourself but you
still need to get to safety and that's a
long walk in the dunes with a single
bottle of water how will you manage this
a don't drink water B drink as much
water as you want C try to save as much
water for later as you can
[Music]
movies will tell you that you need to
save water but that's far from true if
you don't drink enough the Blazing Sun
and possible heatstroke won't leave you
a chance to save water anyway the Desert
Sun is merciless and there is no way for
you to find water around as far as you
can see except there are a lot of cacti
around and you saw in movies that you
can drink from those what will you do a
drink from any cactus by making a hole
in it B only eat cactus fruit C avoid
cacti entirely
[Music]
it's a tricky one since you sure can eat
cactus fruit if you bake them on coals
for about 30 seconds it will replace a
bit of water you lost but won't save you
movies lie about drinking from a hole at
a cactus with a straw only one species
of cactus have non-toxic juice in them
and it won't be easy to find one so you
better just avoid cacti at all you are a
lifeguard on the beach and this is your
first day at work how would you know
that someone needs your help
a they will splash and scream B someone
will notice and tell you see you just
have to notice it yourself unfortunately
only your own vigilance will help you
here unlike in the movies people don't
scream when they're drowning and there
have been cases when people just an
arm's reach away couldn't tell that
something bad was happening at all it's
a yacht party and you decided to go
swimming you got a little carried away
with it
and found out you got pretty far from
the yacht but your friends are on it
screaming something to you and they
sound frightened you turn around and see
a fin silently zigzagging your way what
will you do if a shark attacks you a
scream at it B punch it in the nose C
punch it in the gills or eyes
[Music]
well a shark doesn't care if you scream
and you won't be able to punch it in the
nose the weakest spots you can actually
hit our gills and eyes you're a police
officer on a chase you know for sure the
criminal is hiding in the building right
in front of you and you can hear that
someone inside needs your help too but
the door is locked
what will you do a find a crowbar B find
a locksmith C shoot the lock now in real
life no one will try to shoot the lock
the lock will most likely withstand the
impact but the bullet may ricochet back
and make a new hole where you don't want
it to the worst idea ever the bad guys
are going after you and they are close
you can already hear the upcoming roar
of their cars which transport will you
choose to outrun them in the city a a
motorbike be a regular car C a racing
car
[Music]
no matter what they show in the movies
racing cars will most probably just flip
at the first sharp turn you have to take
in the city to avoid traffic and bikes
are just too dangerous the traffic can
be unpredictable so you'd be better off
with a regular car it's just not
cinematic enough for a movie so how well
did you do if your result is just around
five right answers are less well at
least you probably know and love your
movies just stay away from the wilds
don't get yourself in trouble and you'll
be totally okay if it's six to ten
you're one of those indispensable people
who can save others in extreme
situations from making a terrible movie
inspired mistake got all 14 of them
right you must be a survivalist or you
just really don't trust Hollywood and
research every possible movie stunt you
come across hey hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life